---
title: 'Points about my job search'
tags: ['notes']
date: '2018-10-02T07:58:38.125Z'
---
I'm going to write about this recent job search of mine in detail soon, but I thought I'd write down some points that you might find handy.

- Deleting my LinkedIn profile prior to the search has had literally zero negative effects. It's massively overrated as a platform.

- Having a [hire me page](/hire-me) has been super handy. It helps communicate your needs and wants consistently with the company and also provides you with a specification to test companies against. 

- Not having a traditional, PDF-based résumé has had a negative impact, though. This shouldn't be the case in 2018.

- My best leads have come from contacts within companies and intros from good friends (even my boss). Only one “cold” lead has progressed any further than initial conversations.

- There are far too many companies trying to solve problems with the blockchain and crypto.

- We obsess about technology and tools far too much and obsess about people's well-being far too little.

- Be wary of companies that begrudgingly allow you to work remote. It probably won't work out in the long run.

- Far too many companies require people to live in incredibly expensive cities to sit in front of a computer, communicating over Slack all day. It seems counterintuitive to someone who works well, remotely.

- Remote-first companies have had the best interview setups—especially when they use their day-to-day tools to conduct them.

- Having supportive pals has been valuable in what's been a very stressful period for me. You know who you are, mates 💖


We've got a lot of work to do as an industry to make recruitment better for people. I'm hyper-aware of what my privilege as a CIS, white male has brought me. It _shouldn't_ be the case.
